<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" template="/templates/master-template.xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <ui:define name="beaninit">
		<ui:param name="goctemplateclientbean" value="#{basesettingssamplebean}" />		
	</ui:define>
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>GoC Web Template Samples - Basic Settings</h1>
    	<p>This sample page provides the basic items to configure in your pages, when using the GoC Web Template.</p>
    	<h2>Pre-requisite</h2>
    	<p>To override the Default GoC Web Template look &amp; feel, you will have to create a custom bean class that extends the <code class="wb-prettify">goc.webtemplate.component.jsf.BaseCoreBean</code> class, and then override the various methods made available to alter the look &amp; feel of the web page.</p>
    	<p>For this particular sample page, we are using the <code class="wb-prettify">goc.webtemplate.jsf.samplebeans.BaseSettingsSample</code> bean class, and the bean name is <code class="wb-prettify">"basesettingssamplebean"</code>.</p>
    	<p>The bean must be included at the top of your jsf (xhtml) page as part of the <strong>beaninit</strong> section that is exposed by the master template page as following:</p>
    	<div class="wb-prettify all-pre lang-vb linenums">
        	<pre>
&lt;ui:define name="beaninit"&gt;
	&lt;ui:param name="goctemplateclientbean" value="<h:outputText value="&amp;#35;&#123;basesettingssamplebean&#125;" escape="false" />" /&gt;		
&lt;/ui:define&gt;
        	</pre>
    	</div>
    	<h2>Page Title</h2>
    	<p>This setting determines the title for your site.</p>
    	<p>Set programmatically via calling the <code class="wb-prettify">"setHeaderTitle"</code> method in your custom bean class.</p>
    	<div class="wb-prettify all-pre lang-vb linenums">
        	<pre>
@Override
public void onWebTemplateInitialize() {
//...
    this.setHeaderTitle("My Title");
//...    
}
			</pre>
    	</div>
    	<h2>Metatags</h2>
    	<p>A string collection is available to be included as part of the HTML Elements, including Meta Tag, to the head section of the master page site.</p>
    	<p>Set programmatically by populating the <code class="wb-prettify">"htmlHeaderElements"</code> collection of the Web Template Master Page.</p>
    	<p>The collection is of type <code class="wb-prettify">"String"</code>, and the complete html tag for your MetaTag to include should be supplied.  The collection can be populated by calling the <code class="wb-prettify">getHtmlHeaderElements</code> method in your custom bean class.</p>
    	<p>Note: this collections can also be used to add script tags for javascript and/or link tag to include CSSs.</p>
    	<div class="wb-prettify all-pre lang-vb linenums">
        	<pre>
@Override
public void onWebTemplateInitialize() {
//...
    this.getHtmlHeaderElements().add("&lt;meta charset='UTF-8' /&gt;");
    this.getHtmlHeaderElements().add("&lt;meta name='singer' content='Elvis' /&gt;");
    this.getHtmlHeaderElements().add("&lt;meta http-equiv='default-style' content='sample' /&gt;");
//...
}
			</pre>
    	</div>
    	<h2>Date Modified</h2>
    	<p>The date modified is displayed near the bottom of the page.</p>
    	<p>Set programmatically by populating the <code class="wb-prettify">"dateModified"</code> value of the Web Template Master Page.  This value can be populated by calling the <code class="wb-prettify">setDateModified</code> method in your custom bean class.</p>
    	<div class="wb-prettify all-pre lang-vb linenums">
        	<pre>
@Override
public void onWebTemplateInitialize() {
//...
    this.setDateModified(new java.util.Date());
//...
}
			</pre>
    	</div>
<h2>Change Language Link</h2>
<p>You can set a custom link for changing the language of your site</p>
<p>This can be set programmatically by calling the <code class="wb-prettify">setLanguageLinkUrl</code> method in your custom bean class.</p>
<h2>Version Identifier</h2>
<p>The Version Identifier is displayed near the bottom of the page.</p>
<p>Set programmatically via the <code class="wb-prettify">"VersionIdentifier"</code> property of the Web Template.</p>
<h2>Screen Identifier</h2>
<p>The Screen Identifier is displayed near the bottom of the page. This element serves a unique identifier for your page and can be used to help communication between users and the service desk/support team to identify the location exact location of a user in your application.</p>
<p>Set programmatically via the <code class="wb-prettify">"ScreenIdentifier"</code> property of the Web Template.</p>
<div class="wb-prettify all-pre lang-vb linenums">
    <pre>
@Override
public void onWebTemplateInitialize() {
//...
    this.setScreenIdentifier("PAGE001"); 
//...
}
    </pre>
</div>
<ui:include src="_sampleslist.xhtml" />
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>